REST API docs: fix a few "Modify configuration" parameter descriptions (#20137)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

| Name                              | Type    | Description   |
| ---------------------             | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | enable_host_users                 | boolean | Enables the users feature in Fleet. (Default: `true`)                                                                          |
> | enable_software_inventory         | boolean | Enables the software inventory feature in Fleet. (Default: `true`)                                                             |
> | additional_queries                | boolean |  Enables additional queries on hosts. (Default: `null`)                                                                         |

Author: ```suggestion
| enable_host_users                 | boolean | Whether to enable the users feature in Fleet. (Default: `true`)                                                                          |
| enable_software_inventory         | boolean | Whether to enable the software inventory feature in Fleet. (Default: `true`)                                                             |
| additional_queries                | boolean |  Whether to enable additional queries on hosts. (Default: `null`)                                                                         |
```

> | enable_host_users                 | boolean | Whether to enable the users feature in Fleet. (Default: `true`)                                                                          |
> | enable_software_inventory         | boolean | Whether to enable the software inventory feature in Fleet. (Default: `true`)                                                             |
> | additional_queries                | boolean |  Whether to enable additional queries on hosts. (Default: `null`)                                                                         |

Author: ```suggestion
| enable_host_users                 | boolean | Whether to enable the users feature in Fleet. (Default: `true`)                                                                          |
| enable_software_inventory         | boolean | Whether to enable the software inventory feature in Fleet. (Default: `true`)                                                             |
| additional_queries                | boolean | Whether to enable additional queries on hosts. (Default: `null`)                                                                         |
```
